I'm finding it really difficult. I'm finding it difficult because there's not a lot of
people that are exactly like me and it's hard to pick and choose who you want to be friends
and I'm one of those people who I can just see a person and I'll know there and then
if I'm going to get on with that person or not.
I haven't met anyone like myself. If I could have another double of me I'd be the happiest
person on the planet. I wish I could just be able to pick the phone up and speak to
someone and say do you want to meet up for coffee, for lunch, just to do something. But
I am finding it really really difficult because I find being here everyone's got their own
lives. Back in South Africa you can just pick up the phone in the morning and say do you
want to come spend a day together and they're there.